well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about zombie movies kind of we're going
to talk about what they can teach us
about life in general and about
surviving natural disasters because the
rules are the same the rules are the
same I've mentioned before that if you
want to talk to your kids about natural
disasters and how to prepare for
hurricanes earthquakes this type of
thing you can frame it as a conversation
about zombies and oddly enough talking
to children about the zombies is less
scary than talking to them about
hurricanes because zombies aren't real
and they know that but the rules are the
same more importantly when people start
to learn survival skills they start to
look at the world in a very very
different way
they see the impossible as possible they
see what things could be if you looked
at them in the right way and they learn
what's really important in life so what
are the rules
zombie movie you're surviving the zombie
outbreak what do you have to do you
never travel alone you stay with your
group okay you get somewhere safe and
you stay put that's what you need to do
in a natural disaster communications
with the outside world it's critical
what you're really trying to do you're
trying to raise the other guys you know
get them on the radio talk to them let
people know you're alive what you're
doing in a natural disaster most of the
people you come across are going to be
good people just in a bad situation like
you are every once in a while you're
gonna meet that person that's trying to
exploit things supplies are pretty much
everywhere you just have to know where
to look and how to think about after
Michael there was a group of people that
were sheltering in a restaurant and they
needed medical supplies nothing major
but they had an injury it never occurred
to them that there was a first-aid kit
in the kitchen because they were up in
the front of the house
those rules of society they were still
in place they didn't go back into the
kitchen for whatever reason they stayed
up front there was a first aid kit there
was what they needed 15 feet away but
we're so used to that consumer life that
if we didn't buy it it doesn't exist
type of thing that they never thought
about it I assure you there are people
right now in the Bahamas that are I
don't wanna say looting because that's
not the right word they're surviving
however they have to and they are
finding supplies in odd places you know
in even prior to the event prior to
Michael I watched two people argue over
water in a store and they were between a
display of Gatorade and a cooler full of
Milo sweet tea if you were just looking
for something cheap to flush your toilet
the sweet tea would have worked if you
were looking for something potable water
the Gatorade would have worked but
people get in that mindset of I have to
get water you have to get something wet
and beyond that it teaches you to
improvise and that's one of the most
important skills in life in my opinion
it's one of those things let you see
what things could be rather than what
they are and when you do that you start
to see everything around you this is a
battery if you can't tell as components
rather than some finished consumer
product you learn to improvise and when
you do that you'll learn to see the
world in a different way because things
can be something else I think it's
really important for the youth of today
to learn survival skills for that reason
because I think with everything going on
in the world today it might be really
important for them to understand that
the impossible is possible and that
the way things are isn't what they have
to be that they can't change it
that they can use the tools around them
to make something else anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night